_includes/resume.md, before:

## EXPERIENCE

#### [National CineMedia] | Engineering Manager, Culver City, CA 2019 - present

Lead multidisciplinary, distributed engineering team to build and deploy highly
trafficked web property. Created quality assurance process using automated
systems as well as non-technical resources. Modernized CI/CD pipeline in
CircleCI. Managed vendor relationships.

Established agile best practices across multiple cross-functional product and
engineering teams. Ensured high quality code and infrastructure through pair
programing and code review. Coached and mentored team leads. Oversaw hiring
for senior-level engineering roles.

#### [Cyndx Networks] | Senior Software Engineer, Santa Monica, CA 2017 - 2019

Architected highly scalable infrastructure in AWS. Leveraged Docker to deploy
containerized applications to AWS ECS and Fargate. Designed and implemented
CI/CD pipelines using Gitlab hosted on AWS infrastructure. Responsible for
maintaining web security. Mentored junior engineers and managed hiring process.

Built features for web applications across full stack using Ruby, Ruby on
Rails, JavaScript, React, Python, and Bash. Implemented developer CLI for
deploying and monitoring production applications.

#### [Yoshirt] | Lead Backend Engineer, Los Angeles, CA 2016

Responsible for Yoshirt’s backend Ruby on Rails API. Designed Yoshirt’s backend
to maximize native architecture. Design considerations included support for a
unique in-app graphic design tool, a specialized order system allowing for
user-generated assets to be passed to vendors. Connected Yoshirt systems to a
wide range of vendor systems. Handled large fluctuations in traffic.  
_Ruby, JsonAPI & JavaScript_

#### [Flexa] | Software Engineer, Pasadena, CA 2015 - 2016

Built the admin dashboard for tracking user engagement and driving conversions.
The interface allowed for quick asynchronous updating of user information.  
_Ruby, JavaScript_

#### [Logical Reality Design] | Web Developer / Consulting, Pasadena, CA 2014

Worked in teams to build client projects. Built features, identified and fixed
bugs on client applications.  
_Ruby & JavaScript_

[national cinemedia]: https://www.noovie.com/
[cyndx networks]: http://bit.ly/2Mp3VHE
[yoshirt]: http://bit.ly/yo-shirt
[flexa]: http://bit.ly/flexa-inc
[logical reality design]: http://bit.ly/lrddesign

## PROJECTS

**[FullStack LA Meetup]** \| Organizer of a biweekly meetup focused on building
core programing skills. We use pair programing, language agnostic
challenges and open-source contributions to foster an environment which
engages all skill levels.

[fullstack la meetup]: http://bit.ly/fullstack-meetup

## EDUCATION

**[Turing School of Software and Design]** | Web Application Development with Ruby, Rails & JavaScript  
2014 - 2015

**[Otis College of Art and Design]** - Environmental Design  
1998 - 2000

[turing school of software and design]: http://bit.ly/turing-school
[otis college of art and design]: http://bit.ly/otis-art-college

## TOOLBOX

```ruby
module DEVELOPER
  TOOLS = {
    languages:   [:ruby, :python, :java, :php, :javascript, :bash, :sql],
    dev_ops:     [:aws, :docker, :kubernetes, ci_cd: [:gitlab, :circleci]],
    frameworks:  [:rails, :react, :nextjs]
  }
end
```

Commit message:

Add Samcart and upgrade Ruby version 3.1.0

_includes/resume.md, after:

## EXPERIENCE

#### [Samcart] | Director of Engineering, Austin, TX 2021 - present

Oversee several teams including DevOps, SecOps, Quality Assurance, and Support
Engineering. Work with team managers to set goals and identify key performance
indicators. Establish processes and standards for maintaining secure, scalable
infrastructure.

Identify work units well suited for outside teams. Establish
and maintain relationships with multiple outside vendors. Manage consultants’
work-streams to allow SamCart to quickly augment technical capacity around app
development, scale, and security.

#### [National CineMedia] | Engineering Manager, Culver City, CA 2019 - 2021

Lead multidisciplinary, distributed engineering team to build and deploy highly
trafficked web property. Created quality assurance process using automated
systems as well as non-technical resources. Modernized CI/CD pipeline in
CircleCI. Managed vendor relationships.

Established agile best practices across multiple cross-functional product and
engineering teams. Ensured high quality code and infrastructure through pair
programing and code review. Coached and mentored team leads. Oversaw hiring
for senior-level engineering roles.

#### [Cyndx Networks] | Senior Software Engineer, Santa Monica, CA 2017 - 2019

Architected highly scalable infrastructure in AWS. Leveraged Docker to deploy
containerized applications to AWS ECS and Fargate. Designed and implemented
CI/CD pipelines using Gitlab hosted on AWS infrastructure. Responsible for
maintaining web security. Mentored junior engineers and managed hiring process.

Built features for web applications across full stack using Ruby, Ruby on
Rails, JavaScript, React, Python, and Bash. Implemented developer CLI for
deploying and monitoring production applications.

#### [Yoshirt] | Lead Backend Engineer, Los Angeles, CA 2016

Responsible for Yoshirt’s backend Ruby on Rails API. Designed Yoshirt’s backend
to maximize native architecture. Design considerations included support for a
unique in-app graphic design tool, a specialized order system allowing for
user-generated assets to be passed to vendors. Connected Yoshirt systems to a
wide range of vendor systems. Handled large fluctuations in traffic.  
_Ruby, JsonAPI & JavaScript_

#### [Flexa] | Software Engineer, Pasadena, CA 2015 - 2016

Built the admin dashboard for tracking user engagement and driving conversions.
The interface allowed for quick asynchronous updating of user information.  
_Ruby, JavaScript_

#### [Logical Reality Design] | Web Developer / Consulting, Pasadena, CA 2014

Worked in teams to build client projects. Built features, identified and fixed
bugs on client applications.  
_Ruby & JavaScript_

[samcart]: https://www.samcart.com/
[national cinemedia]: https://www.noovie.com/
[cyndx networks]: http://bit.ly/2Mp3VHE
[yoshirt]: http://bit.ly/yo-shirt
[flexa]: http://bit.ly/flexa-inc
[logical reality design]: http://bit.ly/lrddesign

## PROJECTS

**[FullStack LA Meetup]** \| Organizer of a biweekly meetup focused on building
core programing skills. We use pair programing, language agnostic
challenges and open-source contributions to foster an environment which
engages all skill levels.

[fullstack la meetup]: http://bit.ly/fullstack-meetup

## EDUCATION

**[Turing School of Software and Design]** | Web Application Development with Ruby, Rails & JavaScript  
2014 - 2015

**[Otis College of Art and Design]** - Environmental Design  
1998 - 2000

[turing school of software and design]: http://bit.ly/turing-school
[otis college of art and design]: http://bit.ly/otis-art-college

## SPECIALTIES

```ruby
module DEVELOPER
  TOOLS = {
    languages:   [:ruby, :python, :java, :php, :javascript, :bash, :sql],
    dev_ops:     [:aws, :docker, :kubernetes, ci_cd: [:gitlab, :circleci]],
    frameworks:  [:rails, :react, :nextjs]
  }
end
```
